面白い　Project Character details


============
MAKOTO AYASE
(綾瀬真)
============
Makoto The only male attendee of Kusanagi Institute. He is fairly laid-back, rather to the point of
not getting much of anything done. Enjoys watching TV, does not very much enjoy doing work. Grades
are rather lackluster. Lives with parents in house rented from aunt. Due to grades not being good,
parents decide to enroll him right away in the school upon receiving the invitation. During their
initial investigation, they do not find out the MG angle, and so decide to go ahead with it.

Has a younger sister. She is three years younger. Though they used to be close as children, as they
entered their teenage years they grew apart and started to have their relationship deteriorate,
especially as she was very task-driven as opposed to his laziness.


===============
RURI MATSUSHITA
(松下琉璃)
===============
Ruri is a student at Kusanagi, and a classmate of Makoto. She very much enjoys learning new things.
When she was younger, she once got into trouble for breaking into the forbidden section of the
family library and reading some of the more cutting-edge research in how to transform. Her mother is
the sage in her hometown, who ended up marrying a farmer. It is mildly unusual for a student at
Kusanagi to have a direct bloodline to a previous student; most are born from mundane parents.

Growing up for Ruri was a bit difficult due to her propensity for being more alone than most; she
was schooled at home through grade school (HIGHLY unusual), and did not socially develop as quickly
as other children. Generally, she preferred being home-taught. She considers it a bit saddening that
she isn't as well versed socially, but doesn't mind it too much. She is more arrogant than many
because she thinks she knows it all, but this is because she typically does. She consistently sits
at or near the top of her class in terms of grades.

Ruri doesn't understand why people get mad at her for being such a know-it-all, and has not really
developed the skills for dealing with confrontation. She is absolutely not averse to conflict, which
can get her into trouble.

Though her name is written as 琉璃 meaning 'lapis lazuli', there is a name with the same reading,
流理 meaning 'flow of logic'. This has been used at least a few times in her past to pick fun at her
book smarts, much to her annoyance.

Ruri wants to one day discover a way to transmute non-living items from natural ones. The way she
wishes to do so has never been done, as it requires advanced knowledge in physics and biochemistry.
For her, the challenge of doing something new and being renowned as opposed to scorned for her
scholarly work is the reward that she is looking for.


=============
CHITOSE SATOU
(佐藤ちとせ)
=============
Another student at Kusanagi, Chitose enjoys running and sports. She tends to be high-energy, and
puts a cheery face on everything. Why this is is something of a mystery, because she's not very good
at it (retconned; she is indeed quite good at softball). Always being on the happier side means that
she can annoy others when a situation calls for a bit of a more somber tone.

Chitose has a very close bond with her mother; she had a good upbringing in a suburban setting and
is fairly well acquainted with modern amenities. She is not sure what she wants to do in life after
graduation from high school, but she very much would like to do something to make her mother proud.


===============
TSUKIKO EBIHARA
(海老原月子)
===============
Tsukiko is a student at Kusanagi. Her father is an American expat while her mother is a Japanese
native. Tsukiko harbors the secret that she is transgender, though is careful to obscure this from
authorities who might give her a hard time about it. In general, only a handful of people
sympathetic to her know about this; most people have no idea. She is very good friends with Chitose,
who is the only other student that knows her secret, and often relies on her to cover for her in
situations which would otherwise be untenable.

Due to her status, she is self-deprecating and modest to a fault.

Enjoys sewing in particular, and has made most of the clothing that she owns. Her close attention to
detail makes it so she can often see even the slightest flaws in what she has expertise in, and as a
perfectionist she has a hard time not voicing her opinion in such areas, though she tends to quickly
withdraw when it puts her in even the appearance of conflict with others.

Strives to be able to get into transformation and healing magic, especially of the living human.
Wants to be able to fix herself she can have a normal body, and perhaps others like her. Even though
she has been on hormones for some time, she wishes to attain perfect form.


===========
HONOKA KANO
(狩野ほのか)
===========
Honoka is a student at Kusanagi. Like Ruri, she is very knowledgeable, though generally just a bit
under the level of Ruri. She knows when to hold her tongue in general, but is still prone to getting
into petty conflicts. Honoka doesn't get along with Ruri at all; she sees her as a rival and a show
off, and is very annoyed by Ruri's brusqueness and abrasiveness. Wants everyone to get along, but
also considers herself to be right, and often steamrolls the quieter ones rather than actually
trying to get over differences.

She gets upset when people try to challenge her authority, and doesn't understand why people don't
just try to do what she says. She sees herself as a world peace-monger, and it is practically
impossible to get her to see things differently.

Honoka wants to try and end all fighting in the world, but is not naive enough to think this is
possible, and so she would like to seek some sort of diplomacy position. She has a focus on the
subtler magics that tend to affect the mind and make people more susceptible to suggestion.
